(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
All right!
This is perfect!
It all starts
tomorrow.
My first step
to becoming a pro
and I'm gonna win the four duels
I need to qualify
for the Junior Arc League
Championship with this deck.
You're certainly here
bright and early.
You have your first
big duel this morning
and I have my first duels
today, just like you.
You mean you're dueling
today to try to get into
the Junior Arc League
Championship, too?
Yeah.
Since I only have to
win six matches in a row,
it'll be a breeze!
(Nico)
Allow me to introduce your
celebrity opponent for today,
the king of the kitchen,
Reed Pepper!
And now,
may I present Chairman Fava!
I activate the Action Field
Spell Chaos Kitchen!
Duel!
I hope your monsters enjoyed
their meal, Yuya,
because it was their last.
By returning Princess Pudding,
Knight Pasta
and Prince Curry to my hand,
I destroy one of your
monsters for each card!
No way!
I hope losing doesn't leave
a bad taste in your mouth.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
(Gong groaning)
(Gong)
Gong's gotta do it!
Gotta make my Heavystrong
dueling style even stronger!
And you stay strong,
too, Yuya.
You can't lose your duel!
Ahh...
(chuckling)
You may have me
in a pickle now...
... but you won't
for long.
What's Yuya gonna do with
all his
Pendulum Monsters gone?
There's not much
he can do!
It's a good thing Reed's
Cookpals are gone too,
or Yuya would really
have the eggs on his face!
I think I need to
soup up this duel.
Bring things to
the boiling point.
I've got three cards
in my Food Cemetery,
just the ingredients
I need!
Chew on this, Yuya.
I activate
Regal Recipes.
This is one of my
sweetest spells!
It lets me summon the same
number of Royal Cookpals
as there are cards
in my Food Cemetery.
He's got three monsters
in Food Cemetery.
So the three Royal Cookpals
that just chewed me up
are coming back.
It's time to
serve 'em up!
One order of
Knight Pasta...
... one Prince Curry,
and one
Princess Pudding!
These monsters are
ruining my appetite...
(stomach grumbling)
... which is a good thing
because I'm starving!
Then it looks like
you're going to lose
some weight and some
life points!
For every monster summoned
by Regal Recipes,
you take
300 points of damage.
Sorry, but if you can't
take the beat down
you should stay
out of my kitchen.
That's right,
you tell 'em!
And I'm afraid that'sjust
a taste of what
you're in for, Yuya.
He thinks
he's the top chef‐‐ ha.
Brace yourself,'cause
Knight Pasta's
special abilityactivates,
doubling the attack points
of my Royal Cookpal...
Prince Curry!
And now Princess Pudding's
special ability activates,
doubling Prince Curry's
attack points once again.
Wow!
Your dueling's
deliciously divine!
The downside of doubling
my prince's attack points
is that my other monsters
can't attack this turn.
You have 1,700
life points left.
Prince Curry's just one
forkful away
from finishing you off.
Well, look at this!
Ha.
It's the perfect Action Card.
This must be
my pot‐lucky day.
Now, I activate...
the Action Spell Victory
Topping!
This spell bulks up
the attack points
of my Prince Curry by 600.
Is that a...
Pork cutlet?
♪
This will add new meaning
to the saying "pig out."
Now get ready
'cause my powered‐up prince
is about to pounce!
If he lands that
attack, Yuya's toast!
♪
This will add new meaning
to the saying "pig out."
Now get ready 'cause
my powered‐up prince
is about to pounce!
If he lands
that attack,
Yuya's gonna be
in hot water!
Not so fast.
I activate the trap
Performapal Call!
Your Prince Curry
may be in a hurry
but this stops him cold!
And it also
lets me call
a couple of Performapals
to join me
as long as their
defense points add up
to your Curry's
attack points.
Prince Curry's got
1,800 attack points.
So I get Performapal
Cheermole
who's got
1,000 defense points
and Performapal Turn Toad,
who has 800.
You managed to stop
a direct attack
and add monsters to
your hand in one move.
Grade‐A game play,
Yuya.
But I'm not worried.
I'll just drop
my tasty trap card
Canning Cuisine
into the mix.
Since you added
two cards to your hand,
I can put two Cookpals in my
deck into my Food Cemetery.
I'm tossing out
Lionion and Rabbitomato.
That Food Cemetery
again!
This is
a grave situation!
Now, I activate
the spell Food Fraud.
It lets me add two Royal
Cookpals to my hand.
So I'll
bulk my hand up with
Royal Cookpal King Burger
and Royal Cookpal
Queen Omelet.
I gotta admit your
hand's pretty tasty.
Yes, but it'll leave
a bad taste in your mouth.
Too bad I can't summon
the monsters I added
to my hand this turn.
Now that my turn's done,
Prince Curry's pork cutlet
exceeds its expiration date,
so he has to toss it out,
so his attack
points return back to normal.
(Yuya)
Next turn, Reed's gonna
have five Royal Cookpals.
I've gotta do something
fast.
I draw!
Great.
This trap card
isn't gonna help me right now.
Only one thing to do.
I gotta go for
an Action...
(stomach rumbling)
I'm so hungry.
I'm too weak!
(all gasping)
(Yoko)
No wonder.
It's like I tell you all
the time, Yuya.
You can't duel a duel
if you don't have the fuel!
Mom!
What're you doing here?
Just put some food
and some fire in your belly.
You made your classic
pancakes for me!
You're the best!
Hey...
What'd you
stuff this with, Mom?
I combined the
Sunrise Pork Loaf Surprise
with a pancake and made
it a sandwich.
Perfect.
The pork's perfect because
I followed Reed's recipe.
But when
I came up with the idea
of putting it inside
a pancake
and turning it
into a sandwich,
I made it even better.
A Reed Pepper recipe can't
be made any better!
Perfection...
made even better.
Okay, I'm fueled
and ready for action!
Thanks to
Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician,
the Pendulum Scale
has been set.
I can summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
It's no use!
As soon as Yuya summons them,
Reed'll destroy 'em!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of
victory!
My monsters are
ready to swing into action!
Let's hear it for
Performapal Cheermole.
Jump to it,
Performapal Turn Toad.
I activate Royal Cookpal's
special ability,
Ballistic Belly Buster!
I hope your
monsters are hungry
because my Cookpals
are serving up
an all‐you‐can‐eat buffet!
Wow, they look like they
had one bite too many!
(laughing)
They're ready to pop!
And that's just
what they'll do
when I return
Knight Pasta
and Princess Pudding
to my hand!
At least they
didn't go away hungry.
He thinks
destroying monsters
is something to
joke about.
How tasteless!
You're rotten
to the core!
(laughing)
Pendulum Monsters
don't go to my graveyard,
they go to my
Extra Deck.
All right.
It's your
turn now, Reed.
So dish it out!
♪
Frightfur Bear, attack
with Pummeling Paw!
(laughing maniacally)
(yelling)
Who knew...
teddy bears were so vicious?
Yeah, all right!
Two wins
in a row, Zuzu!
Hey, you're not even
watching me.
Sorry, Sora.
I spaced out
for a second.
Aw...
Let's get cooking!
So, you think you made one
of my recipes even better.
Is that right?
Well, yes, but...
All my recipes are perfect.
In fact, everything
I do is perfect.
There's no way to
improve on perfection.
That's right!
No one can do anything better
than my Reed!
Thanks, Mom.
I've got five cards
in my Food Cemetery!
Using the power of
Regal Recipes,
I'm putting four Royal
Cookpals back on the menu...
... Royal Cookpal King Burger,
Queen Omelet,
Princess Pudding
and Knight Pasta!
That's one
super‐sized meal.
I hope I can get
through it.
(Frederick)
Curry, burger,
omelet und pasta!
(Allie)
Don't forget pudding.
If mein eyes were mouths
I'd be stuffed already!
For starters, you take
300 points of damage
for every
monster I summoned.
Yuya!
The boy did
the very best that he could,
but going up against five
Royal Cookpals
was more than
he could swallow.
Knight Pasta's special
ability activates,
so I think I'll
double the attack points
of my Royal Cookpal
Prince Curry.
Now, Princess Pudding's
special ability
doubles
it up once again!
Her Eggs‐elency
Queen Omelet's
special ability
does the same.
Royal Cookpal King Burger
beefs things up, too.
(Tate)
4,800 attack points!
It's bursting with
calories!
Platters up!
Now, Prince Curry,
attack Yuya directly!
Feel the fury of
the golden, royal curry!
A tornado of...
Curry!
It won't get me,
'cause I play the trap
Wall of Disruption!
Your Prince Curry gets cut
down to 800 attack points!
Chew on that, Reed!
Oh, is that so?
800 points times
five monsters...
that's 4,000
attack points gone.
Too bad you only have
500 life points.
Prince Curry's got
more than enough leftovers
to wipe you out
for good.
(all gasping)
I'll give him credit.
He was tougher
than I expected.
But after all is dueled
and done,
Yuya got his
just desserts.
(woman)
What's happening?
Amazing duel!
(woman)
What's going on?
Well, he sure showed him
who's king of the kitchen.
(woman)
Look!
It's the kid!
(woman)
He's still standing!
He's still got life points!
Yuya's not down!
No way!
How can
you still be...
I wiped out all your
life points!
Luckily,
I used an Action Card...
... the one I couldn't
get last time.
It was the Action Spell
Energy Biscuits.
It gave me
500 more life points,
just enough to survive
your attack.
With my belly full,
I had enough bounce
in my step
to grab
the card this time.
I end my turn
so Prince Curry's attack
points return to normal.
But I wouldn't be too
comfortable, Yuya.
You don't have
any cards in your hand,
so how do you expect to beat
five Royal Cookpals?
You'll find out!
I prepared
as best I could.
Now I just have to get
the right card.
Ladies and gentlemen...
... it's my pleasure
to present to you
the grand finale!
He's taken over
my kitchen...
Scale 1 Stargazer Magician
and Scale 8
Timegazer Magician
are already in
their places!
Thanks to them,
I'm allowed to summon
monsters from Level 2
through 7 all
at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of
victory!
My monsters
are ready...
to swing into action!
Who cares if you can
Pendulum Summon
lots of monsters at once?
My Royal Cookpals
will destroy 'em
like they did before!
Please,
watch closely!
Before your very eyes,
without the use of
smoke or mirrors,
I will conjure up
the Pendulum Monsters
from my Extra Deck!
What do you mean
"Extra Deck"?
Jump to it,
Performapal Turn Toad!
Help me bounce this
food fanatic
outta here,
Performapal Trampolynx!
Let's rattle Reed's cage,
Performapal Partnaga!
X‐out the competition,
Performapal Cheermole!
And last but not least,
turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
♪
(Yuya)
Now the gang's
all here.
Goose pickle time!
Yuya's got
five monsters!
Yuya planned it
perfectly!
Destroyed Pendulum Monsters
go to the Extra Deck!
So he set it up
so that he can summon
five monsters at once!
Yuya began with the perfect
recipe and made it even better.
Your plan can't
cut the mustard!
Summon whatever you want,
it won't change anything!
'Cause I'm going to destroy
them all like last time!
Take a taste of my five
Royal Cookpals'
special abilities!
They'll be
destroyed like last time!
For each Royal Cookpal
I return to my hand,
one of your
monsters is destroyed!
Well, Yuya, all your
monsters bit the dust.
That's just what
I was waiting for!
Just what?
I activate the spell card
Illusion Balloons!
I take the same
number of cards in my deck
as the number of monsters
that were destroyed.
That's freaky.
Und tasty!
I direct your attention
to these five floating
pork pancake sandwiches.
Thanks to Illusion Balloons,
these five delicious
pancake sandwiches
have been stuffed with
the top five cards
from my deck!
I get to
look at 'em all
and summon the Performapal
with the highest level.
Good show!
Yuya summoned five monsters
knowing all
would be destroyed,
yet that calamitous
combination
was the catalyst
that could lead
to a commanding conquest!
But if he doesn't pull
a powerful monster, Yuya loses.
You can rely on luck
if you want to, Yuya,
but I rely on perfection
to win my duels!
The more skill you have,
the more luck you have!
Now I'll prove it!
Let's see if there's
a winning card
inside these pancakes.
The first card
is...
(buzzing)
Aww,
not what I wanted.
A spell card doesn't do
me any good right now.
(all groaning)
Here comes
number two!
All right!
Hip Hippo!
It won't do him
a bit of good.
That monster's much
too weak to beat my Reed!
Number three!
(buzzing)
(woman)
It's not a monster!
He's only got
two chances left!
(Yuya)
Come on, four!
Even though it's
a Performapal, it won't do.
Obviously, Yuya just
missed by a mule.
It's awful.
It's awful?
I meant awesome!
One more.
Yuya has
one card left.
(woman)
I came to see
Reed Pepper cook,
but this is even
more exciting!
(woman)
I can't wait to
see what it'll be!
(woman)
Go, Yuya!
You can cut the tension
with a kitchen knife!
Ladies...
the time has come to
flip the final pancake!
It's make or break time
for me!
Feast or famine!
Let's see
what it's gonna be!
Number five!
Bingo!
A High Level Performapal!
Last doesn't
mean least!
I summon...
Level 6 Performapal
Elephammer!
It's showtime, Elephammer.
Time to show this crowd
how you shake things up.
2,600 attack points?
That...
that means I'm done.
And my recipe...
my perfect recipe
is ruined!
There's no such thing
as a perfect recipe.
Every great chef
learns a hard truth.
My boy...
"perfect recipe" cannot be set
in stone and never change.
You must constantly
work to make it better.
Why didn't
I listen to my dad?
Let's battle.
Performapal Elephammer,
attack Reed directly!
(Reed)
It's time.
Check, please.
Hooray!
He got his first win!
Wunderbar!
Thanks for
a delish duel, Reed.
(Matilda)
Reed!
What happened?
Huh?
Oh, I never imagined
you could lose
with your
perfect recipe!
Mama, we could both
use more imagination.
I guess you're right.
Hey, Yuya!
Great job, Yuya!
You did it!
Goosepickles!
(Reed)
Well, Yuya...
My congratulations.
And I've learned
my lesson.
There's no such
thing as the perfect recipe,
in cooking or dueling.
So I'll keep trying new
ingredients and techniques
and do better
next time.
I better start prepping
for the Championship.
I hope you
make it in.
Thanks.
(stomach growling)
It sounds like dueling
worked up your appetite.
How about a pancake
sandwich?
I think I might have
a better idea.
I think I have a way
to improve your recipe.
Sounds good.
I'm starving.
Reed Pepper's gonna use my
pancake sandwich recipe!
Hooray!
I'm a star!
I can't believe it!
Woo‐hoo!
Embarrassing.
♪